src/content/projects/2024-08-19-eBike-light.md, before:

---
title: Ebike Light
date: 2024-08-19
tags: 3D printing
image: /assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2824.jpg
---

![Ebike Light](/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2824.jpg)

<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0004.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0005.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0007.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0008.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0139.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0140.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0141_jpg.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0142.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0143.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0144.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2821.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2822.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2823.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2824.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>

Commit message:

Add Thingiverse links to 3D printed posts

src/content/projects/2024-08-19-eBike-light.md, after:

---
title: Ebike Light
date: 2024-08-19
tags: 3D printing
image: /assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2824.jpg
---

![Ebike Light](/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2824.jpg)

- Custom designed and 3D printed bracket for mounting [headlight](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0BVJNFL7J) to my eBike
- View source files on [Thingiverse](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:6735784)
- Later made stronger version from aluminum

<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0004.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0005.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0007.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0008.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0139.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0140.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0141_jpg.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0142.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0143.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_0144.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2821.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2822.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2823.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-08-19-eBike-light/IMG_2824.jpg" alt="Ebike Light" />
</div>
