src/content/projects/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher.md, before:

---
title: Mahjong Pusher
date: 2024-09-04
tags: 3D printing, board games
image: /assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0247.jpg
---

![Mahjong Pusher](/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0247.jpg)

<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0236.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0237.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0238.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0239.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0241.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0244_jpg.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0245.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0246.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0247.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
</div>

Commit message:

Add Thingiverse links to 3D printed posts

src/content/projects/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher.md, after:

---
title: Mahjong Pusher
date: 2024-09-04
tags: 3D printing, board games
image: /assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0247.jpg
---

![Mahjong Pusher](/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0247.jpg)

- Pushers for large size Mahjong tiles
- Made to work with the [custom wooden Mahjong tiles](/projects/2023-12-10-mahjong-set) I made
- View source files on [Thingiverse](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:6758230)

<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0236.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0237.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0238.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0239.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0241.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0244_jpg.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0245.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0246.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
</div>
<div class="image-grid">
  <img src="/assets/img/2024-09-04-mahjong-pusher/IMG_0247.jpg" alt="Mahjong Pusher" />
</div>
